**Privacy Policy**

This privacy policy is applicable to the Blossom Launcher app (hereinafter referred to as "Application") for devices, which was developed by Jinyu Meng (hereinafter referred to as "Service Provider") as a a Free service. This service is provided "AS IS".

**What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?**  
**User Provided Information**

The Application acquires the information you supply when you download and install the Application.

**Automatically Collected Information**

In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Application.

**Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?**

We use the privacy-friendly analytics service TelemetryDeck (provider: TelemetryDeck GmbH, Von-der-Tann-Str. 54, 86159 Augsburg, Germany) to analyze usage data. The use is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, as we require reliable and efficient tools for collecting app usage data in order to fulfill the contract with you, our customer.
What data is transferred?

The data processed by TelemetryDeck is completely anonymized and does not allow any conclusions to be drawn about personal information.

The following data is collected, among other things:

    an anonymized, untraceable user ID (per app installation),
    actions defined by the app publisher (e.g., "app launched," "settings opened"),
    a rounded timestamp (to the nearest hour),
    device metadata (e.g., system version, app version, device type),
    additional metadata defined by the app publisher (e.g., "number of items in the database").

What is not stored?

    No IP addresses (not in logs, not in the database),
    No cookies or tracking technologies,
    no persistent identifiers that could be traced back to individuals.

The source code of the TelemetryDeck SDK is completely open source and available on GitHub: https://github.com/TelemetryDeck

Further information on the exact data processing by TelemetryDeck can be found at: https://telemetrydeck.com/privacy and at https://telemetrydeck.com/docs/guides/privacy-faq/

**What are my opt-out rights?**

You can halt all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your device.

**Changes**

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2025-10-27

**Your Consent**

By using the Application, you are giving your consent to the Service Provider processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.

**Contact us**

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at feedback@megabits.xyz.

* * *

This privacy policy page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
